docs: add copilot instructions for fp-selvbetjening (#5558)
navikt/foreldrepengesoknad: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- `validation` – Validation rules
- `utils` / `constants` – Utility functions and constants
- `observability` – OpenTelemetry setup
- `server-utils` – Shared server logic

## Additional context

For deeper understanding of Team Foreldrepenger's domain, architecture, and
conventions, see:

- **[fp-context](https://github.com/navikt/fp-context)** – AI context hub with
  domain explanations, glossary, architecture overview, and conventions shared
  across the team's 40+ repositories.
- **Copilot Space
  [TeamForeldrepenger](https://github.com/copilot/spaces/navikt/15)** (owned by
  `navikt`) – Knowledge base for chat, IDE agent, and CLI. Use with: _"Using the
  TeamForeldrepenger space owned by navikt, ..."_

## Guidelines for code changes

- Use Norwegian domain terminology where appropriate (søknad, uttaksplan,
  dekningsgrad, stønadsperiode, etc.)
- Prefer components from `packages/` and Aksel over custom solutions
- Follow existing patterns in the app you are working on
- Apps can be run locally with `pnpm run dev:mock` / `pnpm run dev:lokal` or
  via Vite mode against the dev environment (see README)

> - Types are generated from the backend with `./generate-api-types.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Types are generated from the backend with `pnpm generate` or `pnpm generate:local`
```
